zPAR_OP_PLUS             add         +
zPAR_OP_MINUS            sub         -
zPAR_OP_MUL              mul         *
zPAR_OP_DIV              div         /
zPAR_OP_MOD              mod         %
zPAR_OP_OR               or          |
zPAR_OP_AND              and         &
zPAR_OP_LOWER            lwr         <
zPAR_OP_HIGHER           hgh         >
zPAR_OP_IS               is          =
zPAR_OP_LOG_OR           lor         ||
zPAR_OP_LOG_AND          land        &&
zPAR_OP_SHIFTL           shl         <<
zPAR_OP_SHIFTR           shr         >>
zPAR_OP_LOWER_EQ         leq         <=
zPAR_OP_EQUAL            eq          ==
zPAR_OP_NOTEQUAL         neq         !=
zPAR_OP_HIGHER_EQ        heq         >=
zPAR_OP_ISPLUS           iadd        +=
zPAR_OP_ISMINUS          isub        -=
zPAR_OP_ISMUL            imul        *=
zPAR_OP_ISDIV            idiv        /=
zPAR_OP_UN_PLUS          uplus       +
zPAR_OP_UN_MINUS         uminus      -
zPAR_OP_UN_NOT           not         !
zPAR_OP_UN_NEG           neg         ~
zPAR_TOK_RET             retn        return
zPAR_TOK_CALL            call
zPAR_TOK_CALLEXTERN      callx
zPAR_TOK_POPINT          popi
zPAR_TOK_PUSHINT         pushi
zPAR_TOK_PUSHVAR         pushv
zPAR_TOK_PUSHSTR         pushs
zPAR_TOK_PUSHINST        pushin
zPAR_TOK_PUSHINDEX       pushid
zPAR_TOK_POPVAR          popv
zPAR_TOK_ASSIGNSTR       astr
zPAR_TOK_ASSIGNSTRP      astrp
zPAR_TOK_ASSIGNFUNC      afnc
zPAR_TOK_ASSIGNFLOAT     aflt
zPAR_TOK_ASSIGNINST      ains
zPAR_TOK_JUMP            jmp
zPAR_TOK_JUMPF           jmpf
zPAR_TOK_SETINSTANCE     sinst
zPAR_TOK_ARRAYACCESS     pusha